docs: v1.1.2 (#5850)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Agents/agent-tool-calling-agent-component.md

* `MultilineInput`
* `DropdownInput`

> For example, in the [components as tools](#components-as-tools) example above, `tool_mode=True,` is added to the `MessageTextInput` input so the custom component can be used as a tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the [components as tools](#components-as-tools) example above adds `tool_mode=True` to the `MessageTextInput` input so the custom component can be used as a tool.
```

Reviewer: Suggest using active voice if possible
